= range_dsl

range_dsl provides easy open range and ranges with complex conditions

== example
You can write these code in class which includes RangeDsl or 
in object extend RangeDsl.

Now use it in irb.
 $ irb
 require 'rubygems'
 require 'range_dsl'
 include RangeDsl

For example, with greater_than_equal
 gte(3).include?(1) # => false
 gte(3).include?(3) # => true
 gte(3).include?(4) # => true

with greater_than
 gt(3).include?(1) # => false
 gt(3).include?(3) # => false
 gt(3).include?(4) # => true

You can use these operators:
* gte, greater_than_equal
* gt , greater_than
* lte, less_than_equal
* lt , less_than
* eq , equal
* neq, not_equal
* not_be

And can use connection operator
* &, and
* |, or
* all
* any

For example, you can write "1, 2, or greater than equal 5" like following:
 r = any(1, 2, gte(5))
 r.include?(0) # => false
 r.include?(1) # => true
 r.include?(2) # => true
 r.include?(3) # => false
 r.include?(4) # => false
 r.include?(5) # => true
 
Or you can write it like this:
 r = any(1, 2) | gte(5)
 r.include?(0) # => false
 r.include?(1) # => true
 r.include?(2) # => true
 r.include?(3) # => false
 r.include?(4) # => false
 r.include?(5) # => true


== Note on Patches/Pull Requests
 
* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a
  future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history.
  (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2010 akimatter. See LICENSE for details.
